we integrate and declare pastor does
that sound okay installation I would
like you to go people have come I get a
stamp directly purchase a resource be in
there with me there is installation
instructions for you
please follow them very closely on your
laptops if you don't have a laptop you
can pair up with its you work for Linux
and Mike and maybe Windows everyone
verify that you actually did this you
emptied the secret after you do in it
the synchronous services something we
emptied for demonstration purposes and
it says recipes to trust everyone okay
so now some of you already did it's also
um read me
you can run that be remember to use
consensus reality and so it is that you
have cast appear
yes
Dec 16 Peter readying like them
so just be tunes
yes
[Music]
okay Louise coming Jose see this already
20 people in the cluster which is like
rebooting your
[Laughter]
[Music]
so you're in stocks you think since the
survey's Beaman and you stole the CDL
the demon runs your class appeared the
CDL allows you to interact with it why
don't you try running these commands and
trying to get familiar with
ipfs pastor CDL what happens when you
run ID what happens when you run pls pls
pls and so on you need to have already
added yes or just add some yeah just
like you
there's a section in the dock where I
explain precisely what each of these do
but I would like you to play a little
bit with them and see if you understand
what they're trying to show you and so
on every command takes special health at
the end for additional information
[Music]
so you can do and then that's that
charming - that's such arm access he
another and then somewhere saying about
the referee pike
sure
[Music]
yeah
you will see the pins and you will see
also this connection arrows because
you're trying to connect all the that
using your server you cannot and so on
always given the state of the local
network here and everyone is running the
gutter for the first time turn it off
and that we have a default configuration
with at least five minutes for metrics
to expire which it's not like the most
appropiate for this but you get a
feeling of of the commands that you can
do with faster and so on and how to
boost the whole thing is is this uvd
there is no there's not a central sever
ties no this investor which is used it
to boost up to everyone else and is I
think is the first time we put 25 years
on the CID mode which is like really
cool